//86 chars max per line
Developer: Samson D. Rollo Jr.

This app is a Dijkstra algorithm visualizer which show the user how Dijkstra
works on graph problem. Especially in finding the shortest path from one point
(source) to another (destination). This app has two modes, the S-S S-P and the
S-P S-P. S-S S-P stands for Single-Source Shortest-Path problem and S-P S-P 
stands for Single-Pair Shortest-Path problem. An elaboration can be found at 
the end of the page. This app supports weighted and directed, weighted and 
undirected, unweighted and directed, and unweighted and undirected. The default
choice is unweighted and undericted.

How to Use:

A. Draw Menu 
    Simply create a graph on the Draw Menu or import any existing graph file.
    Errors might occur when importing a file if it's not properly formatted.

    I. The Select tool (pointing arrow icon) lets you rename a vertex or 
     change a weight for weighted graphs by double clicking on it.

    II. The Move tool (hand icon) lets you move a vertex from a position to 
     another. Click on a vertex to pick it up and click again to put it down. 
     Note that you should not overlap vertices not go beyond negative boundaries.
	
    III. The Vertex tool (V icon) lets you create a new Vertex, be mindful that 
     if you did not choose any vertex name, it will automatically name itself. 
     Click on a valid area on the drawing canvas to create a vertex.
	
    IV. The Edge tool (E icon) lets you connect two vertices. In a directed graph,
     the first vertex you clicked will be the tail and the second vertex you will 
     select will be the head. If you want to reset the tail Vertex, click on the 
     blank space.
	
    V. The Delete tool (X icon) lets you delete a vertex or an edge. Simply click
     on any of these elements. Be mindfull that you need atmost 3 pixels from an
     edge to delete it.

B. Run Menu
    Running the dijkstra needs an extra push before it start.

    I. The Start button starts the execution of the algorithm. Also starts the 
     visualization.
	
    II. The Stop button stops the execution.
	
    III. The Reset button, resets the setup.
	
    IV. The Speed slider let you control the speed of the execution.
	
    V. The S-S S-P radio button is a Single-Source Shortest-Path mode.
     Refer below.
	
    VI. The S-P S-P radio button is a Single-Pair Shortest-Path mode. 
     Refer below.
	
    VII. Input your Source vertex name to the Start textfield. The Execution will
     not start unless it is filled with a valid vertex.
	
    VIII. The End textfield will only be enabled if you chose S-P S-P mode.
	
    IX. The Dijkstra Algorithm is visible in the upper left corner of the 
     application. This shows the current step it is taking.
	
    X. The Variables can be seen at the lower left of the application. The variables
     gets updated everytime an update happens. 
	
    XI. The Visual Page, is where the visualization of the Dijkstra Algorithm as
     being used in a graph problem. Green vertex implies that the algorithm is 
     currently evaluating that vertex, A red one implies that its done, blue is 
     untouched. The color of the edge also vary. Black for untouched, red for 
     currently evaluated, and blue is done. When you chose the S-P S-P mode, a
     resulting graph will e shown with a highlighted elements. Green vertices imply
     the pair vertices, red implies the intermediate vertices, red edge is the path.

C. File Menu
    File process.

    I. New menu lets you create a new graph.
	
    II. Load menu let you import a graph file.
	
    III. Save menu lets you save the graph you are working on.
	
    IV. Transform to digraph/ugraph lets you transform the graph into a digraph or
     ugraph.

    V. Generate Graph menu let you generate a random graph.
	
    VI. Exit. Exit the application. 


More Info: 

    S-S S-P or Single-Source Shortest-Path searches for a shortest path from a source
to all other vertices.This will result to a table that summarizes the search. An
infinity distance means that a vertex is unreachable from the source vertex.

    S-P S-P or the Single-Pair Shortest-Path searches the graph for the shortest path
from a source vertex to a destination vertex. This will result to a table that 
summarizes the search and a graphical representation on the path
with the shortest distance.